## 5. [HTML/CSS Solo Challenge](5_HTML_CSS_solo_challenge/readme.md) Reflection

* What questions did you ask during this challnge? What resources did you find to help you answer them?  
* What concepts are you having trouble with, or did you just figure something out? If so, what?  
* Did you learn any new skills or tricks?
* How confident are you with each of the Learning Competencies for this challenge? 
* Which parts of the challenge did you enjoy?
* Which parts of the challenge did you find tedious?

Wow I have never been more proud of accomplishing a problem.  So originally I really struggled with this challenge. Now I feel way better about everything.  Sometimes putting in pictures and comments with them.  Trying to get the text to line up was a hassle. I asked- what is a sidebar? how do I make one? Should I use a table? And then I discovered html goodies which is a website that talks about different options of doing something and explains what is going on in the coding. It was very helpful for positioning things. Most of the stuff I did know, but it was just a matter of having someone say"REMEMBER YOU CAN DO THIS". I feel like all my skills got way better.  I think there's a lot more I can do with this and I'm excited to see where it goes in the future. this is something I want to update regularly. This whole challenge for me was really tough, but I think that's because I didn't go into this with a plan.  After I built my first site, which was a disaster of tables and a photo of Ryan Gosling, I realized I needed a clear vision of what I wanted, and needed to use what was inside my head to figure out how to do it, not immediately look to codeacademy or other resources for the answer. Once I sort of broke it down and figured out what I wanted, the process was a thousand times smoother. 