## 1. [Git and Github](1_get_started/readme.md) Reflection

* What struggles did you have setting up git and GitHub? What did you learn in the process?
* Write an explanation of and compare git and GitHub to a non-technical audience. 
* Describe what version control is and how GitHub helps with it.
* Why do developers use version control (git)? Does that make sense to you? Why or why not?
* What doesn't make sense? What does?

I really didn't have any problems setting up GitHub.  Initially I was a little confused about what git was, and what I should expect it to do.  I thought I was going to click on something and it would be a fancy program, but really it's right in my terminal.  Through all my initial set up processes I've learned to always look in the terminal and more than likely that's where things have been stored. 
Git is a version control system.  This means that Git allows you(and or multiple people) to code at the same time and saves each "version".  So you can make a change and save yet still have a copy of what your code looked like before that change. This allows people to work on the same thing without ruining someone else's work.  This also allows a person to work on a project and see where the issues might be in their code (because you can take a look at different versions and go back to different steps you have saved).   Git lives locally on your computer. Github is a safe space for your code. Github is a social coding site and lives on the internet.  The difference between the two is that Git is the place where the coding is done on your personal computer and Github is where coders can share their code and keep track of the changes made using GIT, get feedback, and have others work through problems without changing the original code. You can use Git to make changes to your part, send it to Github to connect your part with that other members of your team are working on. 
Developers use version control so that multiple people can work on a project at once without hurting other's work. They also use it to save their progress and look back at previous versions when they reach a problem.  This makes sense to me because as a developer you can look back at all the steps you've made and see where things worked and what the initial problem is without reworking or destroying parts of your code that are good. 
So far everything makes sense.  My question would be if you can collaborate on git by "push" and "pull" ing, the point of Github is just to allow people to collaborate more effectively and without having to worry about whether your other developers are on their computers at that given moment?
