# U1.W2: Responsive Design Reflection

* What is responsive web design? Do you like it?  Do you think it's a good practice? Why or why not? Responsive web design is a way to code so the website content remains where you want it to, despite the browser size changing. I think it's a fantastic idea. It's annoying on smart-phones when a website gets all scrambled and I think this could really help solve that.  In one of the presentations it also mentioned that a user will abandon a site after 3 seconds if it's took complicated or doesn't look user-friendly. This would definitely help avoid people walking away.  
* How do you think smartphones and tablets have changed web design? How do you think new technology will change web design in the future? I think smartphones and tablets have definitely changed design. Now you have to fit websites onto smaller browsers and figure out how to upload images fast on a 3G network etc.  This kind of technology wasn't around 10 years ago, in order to stay in business you have to update with the technology.  I think in the future the products that come out will shape how things are designed.  Maybe we will be designing small browsers in the corner of our glasses! Who knows, but like anything, technology will evolve and design with it. 
* How do you think visually impaired people use the web? Can they? Should we design and development for them? I'm a part of an organization that focuses on helping the visually impaired. We've had speakers come in explaining how they do use the web and have smartphones.  I think blind people should have just as much access to the resources of the web, as problem solvers, I'm confident that developers will figure out how to make websites and experience that can be enjoyed by everyone. 
* What ideas and concepts have resonated with you when learning about the web and design? What seems stupid or doesn't make sense? Wireframing for me has been huge, it should have been a giant "duh", but setting a plan up ahead of time really helps. For responsive design, I think @media screens and having a minimum browser makes so much sense and is easy to use once you get the hang of it. It really is great to be able to see your work on different mediums.  I still struggle a bit with identifying which child elements go to what parent sometimes and positioning things, but I'm working on it. 
* Did you find any resources on your own that helped you better understand a topic? If so, please list it. No