# U1.W2: Thinking About Time Reflection

* What is your biggest time management challenge with during Phase 0? My biggest time management challenge is balancing travel.  There's a lot going on in Phase 0 outside of DBC in my life.  I'll be traveling all around the country visiting family and it will be hard to find enough time to dedicate to DBC. 
* How will you combat that? I have warned my family already! I just moved back from the east coast, and they've seen how much I really care about DBC and want this experience to be the best possible. For the days I'll be traveling I've asked my family to please pick out times that are most important for me to spend with them.  For example if there's a special tour and lunch they want to go on I can go to that and then instead of going out to dinner spend that time going over DBC material.  By taking a few hours everyday I won't be overwhelmed and I'll be a friendlier person to visit with! 
* What techniques will you try? I will try rewarding myself! I loved the article about not being machines.  I am also going to try to listen to what my body is telling me more.  Yesterday I was trying to code and it was only 10:30pm but I was so tired I went to bed.  I could have been upset with myself and pushed through that tiredness, but the work I would have produced would have been unsatisfactory to me.  It was much better to get up earlier today and start refreshed.  I also am going to try meditation and keeping in check with how I am feeling.  I think meditation will really help not feeling stressed out and writing how I am feeling and leaning on my cohort for support is going to be a great way to tackle everything. 
* What is your overall plan for Phase 0? My overall plan when I'm at home is to wake up every morning and dedicate the morning to DBC exercises and challenges.  Then spend my early afternoon doing the things that need to be done that are completely unrelated to DBC.  Then after dinner review or reiterate concepts from the morning.  I think if I stay on top of things like this Phase 0 is going to be great. 